README.md, before:

# Name

nw-page-editor - Simple NW.js app for visual editing of Page XML files.


# Synopsis

nw-page-editor  
nw-page-editor <*path_to_page_xml*>...  
nw-page-editor <*path_to_dir_containing_page_xmls*>


# Description

nw-page-editor is an application for editing ground truth information for
diverse purposes related to the area of handwriting text recognition (HTR).
The edition is done interactively and visually on top of images of scanned
documents. The format used for storing the ground truth information is based
on the [Page XML schema](http://www.primaresearch.org/tools/PAGELibraries),
but with a few minor extensions. It uses the NW.js framework which makes the
application cross-platform, thus it can be used in the most popular operating
systems: Windows, Mac and Linux.


# Installation

1. Download the NW.js package appropriate for your platform from
   http://nwjs.io/downloads. Extract it to a location where you store
   applications and add to your PATH the directory containing the nw/nwjs
   binary: root of package in Linux or nwjs.app/Contents/MacOS in OSX.

2. Move the nw-page-editor directory to a location where you store
   applications and add the package's bin directory to your PATH.


# Command shortcuts

<table>
<tr><th>Shortcut</th>              <th>Command</th></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + q</td>          <td>Quit application</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + o</td>          <td>Open file dialog</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + s</td>          <td>Save changes to file</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + shift + s</td>  <td>Save as new file dialog</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + m</td>          <td>Open/close menu</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + n</td>          <td>New window</td></tr>
<tr><td>pageup</td>                <td>Load previous page</td></tr>
<tr><td>pagedown</td>              <td>Load next page</td></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + z</td>          <td>Undo last change</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + y</td>          <td>Redo last change</td></tr>

<tr><td>mouse click</td>           <td>Select or deselect element</td></tr>
<tr><td>esc</td>                   <td>Deselect the currently selected element</td></tr>
<tr><td>tab</td>                   <td>Select the next element</td></tr>
<tr><td>shift + tab</td>           <td>Select the previous element</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl + tab</td>            <td>Select the next dragpoint</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl + shift + tab</td>    <td>Select the previous dragpoint</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl + f</td>              <td>Enable/disable text filtering</td></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + del</td>        <td>Delete selected element</td></tr>
<tr><td>minus + .</td>             <td>Delete selected dragpoint</td></tr>
<tr><td>plus + .</td>              <td>Add dragpoint next to selected</td></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + 0</td>          <td>View full page (initial zoom)</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + plus/minus</td> <td>Zoom in/out</td></tr>
<tr><td>mouse wheel</td>           <td>Zoom in/out</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + arrows</td>     <td>Move (pan) the image in the respective direction</td></tr>
<tr><td>mouse drag</td>            <td>Move (pan) the image in the respective direction</td></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + pageup</td>     <td>Increase font size</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + pagedown</td>   <td>Decrease font size</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + g</td>          <td>Change gamma of image</td></tr>

<tr><td>alt + arrows</td>          <td>Change table selected cell in the respective direction</td></tr>
<tr><td>plus + c/r</td>            <td>Split selected table column/row</td></tr>
<tr><td>minus + c/r</td>           <td>Remove selected table column/row</td></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + p</td>          <td>Toggle selected element protection</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + .</td>          <td>Toggle selected element production printed</td></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + w</td>          <td>Increase height of selected line polyrectangle</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + e</td>          <td>Decrease height of selected line polyrectangle</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + r</td>          <td>Increase baseline offset of selected line polyrectangle</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + t</td>          <td>Decrease baseline offset of selected line polyrectangle</td></tr>
</table>


# Copyright

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015-present, Mauricio Villegas <mauvilsa@upv.es>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

nw-app: - Updated README.md with windows instructions. - Updated copyright details in all files.
page-canvas:
- Work directly with SVG disabling all XSLT.
- Fixed error message when XML request fails.

README.md, after:

# Name

nw-page-editor - Simple NW.js app for visual editing of Page XML files.


# Synopsis

nw-page-editor  
nw-page-editor <*path_to_page_xml*>...  
nw-page-editor <*path_to_dir_containing_page_xmls*>


# Description

nw-page-editor is an application for editing ground truth information for
diverse purposes related to the area of handwriting text recognition (HTR).
The edition is done interactively and visually on top of images of scanned
documents. The format used for storing the ground truth information is based
on the [Page XML schema](http://www.primaresearch.org/tools/PAGELibraries),
but with a few minor [extensions](https://github.com/mauvilsa/pageformat). It
uses the NW.js framework which makes the application cross-platform, thus it
can be used in the most popular operating systems: Windows, Mac and Linux.


# Installation

Linux/Mac:

1. Download the NW.js package appropriate for your platform from
   http://nwjs.io/downloads. Extract it to a location where you store
   applications and add to your PATH the directory containing the nw/nwjs
   binary: root of package in Linux or nwjs.app/Contents/MacOS in OSX.

2. Move the nw-page-editor directory to a location where you store
   applications and add the package's bin directory to your PATH.

Windows:

1. Download the NW.js package appropriate for your platform from
   http://nwjs.io/downloads. Extract it to a location where you store
   applications and move or copy or clone the files of this repository such
   that package.json is in the same directory as nw.exe.

2. Create a shortcut to nw.exe to ease opening of the app. In windows it is
   not possible to open files directly from the command line.


# Command shortcuts

<table>
<tr><th>Shortcut</th>              <th>Command</th></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + q</td>          <td>Quit application</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + o</td>          <td>Open file dialog</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + s</td>          <td>Save changes to file</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + shift + s</td>  <td>Save as new file dialog</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + m</td>          <td>Open/close menu</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + n</td>          <td>New window</td></tr>
<tr><td>pageup</td>                <td>Load previous page</td></tr>
<tr><td>pagedown</td>              <td>Load next page</td></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + z</td>          <td>Undo last change</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + y</td>          <td>Redo last change</td></tr>

<tr><td>mouse click</td>           <td>Select or deselect element</td></tr>
<tr><td>esc</td>                   <td>Deselect the currently selected element</td></tr>
<tr><td>tab</td>                   <td>Select the next element</td></tr>
<tr><td>shift + tab</td>           <td>Select the previous element</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl + tab</td>            <td>Select the next dragpoint</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl + shift + tab</td>    <td>Select the previous dragpoint</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl + f</td>              <td>Enable/disable text filtering</td></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + del</td>        <td>Delete selected element</td></tr>
<tr><td>minus + .</td>             <td>Delete selected dragpoint</td></tr>
<tr><td>plus + .</td>              <td>Add dragpoint next to selected</td></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + 0</td>          <td>View full page (initial zoom)</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + plus/minus</td> <td>Zoom in/out</td></tr>
<tr><td>mouse wheel</td>           <td>Zoom in/out</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + arrows</td>     <td>Move (pan) the image in the respective direction</td></tr>
<tr><td>mouse drag</td>            <td>Move (pan) the image in the respective direction</td></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + pageup</td>     <td>Increase font size</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + pagedown</td>   <td>Decrease font size</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + g</td>          <td>Change gamma of image</td></tr>

<tr><td>alt + arrows</td>          <td>Change table selected cell in the respective direction</td></tr>
<tr><td>plus + c/r</td>            <td>Split selected table column/row</td></tr>
<tr><td>minus + c/r</td>           <td>Remove selected table column/row</td></tr>

<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + p</td>          <td>Toggle selected element protection</td></tr>
<tr><td>ctrl/cmd + .</td>          <td>Toggle selected element production printed</td></tr>
</table>


# Copyright

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015-present, Mauricio Villegas <mauricio_ville@yahoo.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
